Changes for RC2 (#448)
digital-asset/daml-finance: docs/source/packages/interfaces/daml-finance-interface-types-common.rst

.. Copyright (c) 2022 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Daml.Finance.Interface.Types.Common
###################################

> This package mainly common types. They are defined in the following modules:

Reviewer: contains

> This package mainly common types. They are defined in the following modules:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This package contains common type definitions. They are defined in the following modules:
```

Author: I've added your suggestion
